cdi-468 Split Spec doc to introduce CDI Lite (#470)
eclipse-ee4j/cdi: spec/src/main/asciidoc/preface.asciidoc

Jakarta Contexts and Dependency Injection 3.0 (link:https://jakarta.ee/specifications/cdi/3.0/[CDI 3.0]) is an update to Jakarta Contexts and Dependency Injection 2.0 (link:https://jakarta.ee/specifications/cdi/3.0/[CDI 2.0]).

Contexts and Dependency Injection 4.0 introduce a new feature with the CDI Lite specification.

> CDI Lite is a subset of CDI that doesn't require a CDI container at runtime and thus is a good candidate to develop cloud native or resources constraint applications.

Reviewer: It does require CDI container at runtime :-) What it doesn't require to be at runtime is certain parts of CDI initialization, such as bean discovery and extension processing. Those can be moved to application build.

Reviewer 2: Agreed, plus I think this part should probably be under `Major changes` section.
In fact, this `Foreword` section doesn't bring much valuable information - why don't we just merge it into `Major Changes` altogether?

> CDI Lite is a subset of CDI that doesn't require a CDI container at runtime and thus is a good candidate to develop cloud native or resources constraint applications.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
CDI Lite is a subset of CDI that uses the bean discovery process in the build time instead of runtime. Thus is an excellent candidate to develop cloud-native or resources constraint applications.
```

* An introduction (this part), which is not part of the specification but introduces CDI concepts and give examples.
* The core CDI specification: <<part_1>>.

> ** The CDI Lite specification which contains CDI features that contains features that could be implemented at build time

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
CDI Lite specification contains a subset of CDI features to explore the bean discovery in the build time.
```
